# UOCIS322 - Project 3 #

Name: Nabil Abdel-Rahman

Contact: nabilabdel-rahman@outlook.com

This project creates a simple anagram vocabulary game designed for English-learning students in elementary and middle school. It presents a list of words to students and an anagram. The anagram is a jumble of some of the words, which are randomly chosen. Students attempt to type words that can be created from the jumble. When a matching word is typed, it is added to a list of solved words. The vocabulary word list is fixed for one invocation of the server, so multiple students connected to the same server will see the same vocabulary list but may have different anagrams.
flask_vocab.py runs the anagram game, with the template vocab.html. The vocabulary and anagram are currently loaded using basic JINJA. The form interaction uses an AJAX interaction (using JQuery).
The port number which the service uses is defined in the credentials.ini file as well as whether the service is in debug mode or not. To change this, simply change the values in the credential file and the Flask application uses configuration parsing logic to find these values. These values can be found at lines 21 and 22 in credenitals.ini. If a credentials.ini file is not found, the configuration parsing logic uses a default.ini file provided in the repo to define these values. To use, make sure your machine has Docker installed, as it's required in order to run the server on your local machine. Further, the number of words needed to complete the game and the location of the vocabulary list can also be found and changed in credentials.ini at lines 33 and 36.